[Music]
don't throw away these bags see what
they can do whenever you buy a new pair
of shoes or a bag you get not only a
nice addition to your wardrobe but also
some little bags of silica gel as an
added bonus yes those little packets we
immediately toss because we find them
useless or even dangerous definitely
shouldn't be eaten but you shouldn't
throw them away either and here's why
rescue your phone from water damage it's
a nightmare to imagine and even worse
when it happens getting your phone
completely wet unless it's some super
waterproof model we instantly go into
panic mode when our poor phones get
soaked in water spare your nerves and
use silica gel packets to rescue your
phone from water damage their super
power comes from the silicon dioxide
they contain it attracts water molecules
out of shoes bags or whatever is around
them
these moisture-proof properties are the
reason silica bags come with your
purchases in the first place
no moisture means no more odors staining
or other damage but back to phones
enough gel packets in a ziplock bag will
suck the water right out of your phone
once you put it in the bag with the
packets just make sure the phone is
fully surrounded by the little silica
baggies be strong and go without your
device for 24 hours because that's how
long it needs to sit in the sealed bag
of silica gel packets this trick can
also help if you're going to a super
damp place just remember though that it
doesn't make your phone 100% waterproof
keep your gym gear odor free sweat is a
great way to know that you're doing
everything right at the gym
unfortunately it also gives your bag a
funky smell after a while bacteria which
just so happened to add or moisture
thrive on sweat and produce this nasty
smell so to get rid of it
you have to get rid of the moisture a
packet or two of silica gel dropped into
your bag will absorb all the unnecessary
moisture and keep your bag free of odors
the same trick also works for your gym
locker make your makeup last longer
Moisture doesn't only help bacteria
breathe in your fitness gear and also
shortens the length of your makeup
products if you want your favorite
powder eyeshadow and other Beauty
necessities to last longer keep a silica
packet in your makeup bag just one
packet will be enough to keep your
cosmetics dry and avoid unfortunate
makeup mishaps and tons of wasted money
protect your luggage from moisture if
you consider yourself a jet setter and
can't wait for your next trip or
vacation you might already have some
ideas in mind as to what you're going to
wear at your destination sadly though
what happens to your luggage on route is
completely out of your control it can
get DAB for instance and ruin all your
carefully chosen outfits prevent that
from half
and stick some silica bags in between
your clothes that way you look your best
on vacation keep all your important
paper safe we all have certain documents
or papers that are really important to
us restoring some of them might cost a
lot of time and money and others are of
a great sentimental value for example we
all have old photographs that just can't
be replaced no matter what to protect
your files and memories from the damage
caused by moisture keep them together
with silica gel packets it's especially
important to add some to folders and
boxes you're putting away for long-term
storage by the way if you still have
old-school audio cassettes or video
tapes the same method can keep them safe
as well prevent your wardrobe from going
stale the silicon dioxide in these
little bags can work its magic to keep
your wardrobe fresh as a daisy well as
far as smells are concerned if your
style isn't so fresh we can't help you
there nobody wants their favorite
clothes going stale of course but that's
all too likely to happen to seasonal
garments that sit in drawers or hang in
the back of your closet for a half a
year until it's their time to shine
again keeping a gel packet in the back
of your drawer or in between layers of
clothes will solve the problem easy
peasy it also works for bedding you're
not using at the moment
keeping your blankets sheets and
pillowcases clean fresh and moisture
free is especially important for your
health store your seeds even if you
don't have a green thumb yourself we all
know at least one person who loves
gardening perhaps your sweet little
granny will appreciate this use for
silica gel packets Ave can help keep
seeds fresh when you store them for the
next season all you need is a sealed
container with one or two bags of this
jelly goodness and your seeds will be
safe and sound
keep jewelry shining bright that dreaded
moisture we've been talking about for a
while now can do a real number on just
about anything you store in drawers and
boxes including your jewelry
it can cause tarnish and make your
beautiful earrings
bracelets and chains look dull and less
stunning the same can happen to your
silverware
you can try polishing it but that's a
pretty painstaking process to avoid all
that drama drop a silica gel packet into
your personal diamond fund or as some
call it a jewelry box this trick works
especially well on boxes lined with
plush since it keeps the fabric dry as
well protect your camera from
condensation this one is for all UV
loggers and photographers out there or
if you just like to take your camera
with you everywhere you go you'll also
get use out of this tip first off your
lenses worst enemy is condensation
you'll face it if you take your camera
out in the cold and then bring it back
into the warmth of your home again when
that happens remove the camera's battery
memory card and lens and place the body
of your camera in a bowl filled with
silica gel packets to take all the
moisture away keep dry foods dry now
this one might sound surprising and
controversial to make things clear
silica gel is not for eating however if
you tape one of these packets to the lid
of a container filled with bread crumbs
crackers dried herbs or whatever has to
be kept dry and crispy you'll save a lot
of food and money in the end and
although it sounds risky
you can even put the gel packet right
into the container just as long as you
don't open the bag and expose the silica
contents of course the same trick works
for pet food as well especially if you
buy big bags that sit for a while throw
some silica packets into your pet food
or Treat Bags
and they'll stay fresh longer or again
you can tape a packet to the inside of
the bag if you don't want to risk your
fur baby accidentally ingesting the
dangerous silica gel and those are just
some of the ways you can save and reuse
silica bags instead of being wasteful
and throwing them away feel free to
experiment and add them to other things
you want to keep dry if you feel like
they've lost their magic you can simply
recharge them to do that place them on a
cookie sheet and put them in the oven
for an hour at 220 degrees Fahrenheit
and be sure to keep any unused packets
in an airtight container at all times
which of these uses of silica gel bags
did you find the most useful do you have
any of your own ideas tell us in the
comments below don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you